Improve documentation for usage of Kubernetes Ingress (#7269)
containous/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/overview.md

      - name: stripprefix
```

> ```yaml tab="Kubernetes Ingress

Author: Fixed with commit https://github.com/containous/traefik/pull/7269/commits/6d13a6067f738608aac0daa925d0e7f40b9db8e2.

# As a Kubernetes Ingress
apiVersion: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: CustomResourceDefinition
metadata:
  name: middlewares.traefik.containo.us
spec:
  group: traefik.containo.us 
  version: v1alpha1
  names:
    kind: Middleware
    plural: middlewares
    singular: middleware
  scope: Namespaced

---
apiVersion: traefik.containo.us/v1alpha1
kind: Middleware
metadata:
  name: stripprefix
  namespace: appspace
spec:
  stripPrefix:
    prefixes:
      - /stripit

---
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: ingress
  namespace: appspace
  annotations:

>     # annotation the form <middleware-k8s-namespace>-<middleware-name>@kubernetescrd

Reviewer: No worries, thanks for the changes :)

After a second thought, i think that the cross-provider example you added should be placed in the next examples section entitled "Referencing a Middleware from Another Provider".
It's more appropriate since the examples section in which you added it, is only showing how to declare and reference a middleware from one provider perspective.

I would also change the comment for the annotation to be more specific:
```suggestion
    # referencing a middleware from Kubernetes CRD provider: <middleware-namespace>-<middleware-name>@kubernetescrd
```

Do you think you can apply those changes too ?

Author: I fully agree that it would fit best in the section you mentioned, although i liked it in the other section, as it would provide a more complete overview - but, nonetheless, i moved the example and improved the comment with https://github.com/containous/traefik/pull/7269/commits/4143d12d3479b1f7d83b2834fe2234958f994b19.

    In this case, since the definition of the middleware is not in kubernetes,
    specifying a "kubernetes namespace" when referring to the resource does not make any sense,
    and therefore this specification would be ignored even if present.

>     On the other hand, if you declare the middleware as a CRD in Kubernetes and use the non-crd Ingress 

Reviewer 2: Can we rephrase to something like

`On the other hand, if you declare the middleware as a Custom Ressource in Kubernetes...`? Because the CRD is the definition of the resource, not the ressource itself

Author: Yes - you're right. CR is the correct term here.. fixed with https://github.com/containous/traefik/pull/7269/commits/4143d12d3479b1f7d83b2834fe2234958f994b19

>     objects, you'll have to add the kubernetes namespace, the middleware lives in, to the annotation like

Reviewer 2: you`ll have to add the kubernetes namespace of the middleware to the annotation... ?

Author: Changed with https://github.com/containous/traefik/pull/7269/commits/4143d12d3479b1f7d83b2834fe2234958f994b19

>     this "<middleware-namespace>-<middleware-name>@kubernetescrd".

Author: Fixed with commit https://github.com/containous/traefik/pull/7269/commits/6d13a6067f738608aac0daa925d0e7f40b9db8e2.
